you know what's up youtubers this is my
6 gallon flugel edge tank on the far
left corner I got my bird's nest coral
pretty sweet coral it's growing
extending can't wait for more branches
to grow on that puppy on the far top my
Kenyan tree coral right below its my
green star Pollock corals Mike villian
is stretching out like crazy right there
in the middle about
well actually it's attaching itself to
that rock my other eggs in right there
call that dude the finesse cuz he seems
to just go with the current oh there is
a green record eeeh right under it is a
little baby we can't see it because the
bigger ones covering it my two clowns my
green goby he's a cool guy to watch my
green algae plant grows like crazy I
have to trim it like at least once a
week and you guys can't see it but right
behind it's my montipora frag when I
first got the monty nopales were coming
out of it after a week or two they just
started extending like crazy my cleanup
crew about 6 hermit crabs - snails do
once a week water change my equipment
I'm I flew allege heater preset to 78
degrees my hydro 240 my aqua clear 30 I
swapped it out with the 20 I'm thinking
of putting the aqua clear 50 but I'm not
sure it's gonna fit on the top might be
cutting too close
that's for the light updated it to a
marine land so this is my tank y'all
hope you guys enjoy keep you guys
updated you guys have a wonderful day
peace out youtubers